STAC-23602: Documentation for the new backup cli tool (#141)
rancher/stackstate-product-docs: docs/latest/modules/en/pages/setup/data-management/backup_restore/kubernetes_backup.adoc

= Kubernetes backup (Legacy)
:revdate: 2025-07-10
:page-revdate: {revdate}
:description: SUSE Observability Self-hosted

[WARNING]
====

> *This page describes the legacy backup approach using scripts. For SUSE Observability vX.Y.Z or newer, use the new xref:/setup/data-management/backup_restore/backup_enable.adoc[backup CLI] instead.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*This page describes the legacy backup approach using scripts. For {stackstate-product-name} vX.Y.Z or newer, use the new xref:/setup/data-management/backup_restore/backup_enable.adoc[backup CLI] instead.*
```
